The only people who never fail are those who never try.
Failure is just another way to learn how to do something right.
I failed my way to success.
Every failure brings with it the seed of an equivalent success.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer.
I never think of the future
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
The mind that is anxious about future events is miserable.
The art of leadership is saying no, not yes. It is very easy to say yes.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
While a good leader sustains momentum, a great leader increases it.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult.
Leadership does not always wear the harness of compromise.
Business opportunities are like buses
I avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
The more difficulties one has to encounter, within and without, the more significant and the higher in inspiration his life will be.
Every artist was first an amateur.
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence, but it comes from within. It is there all of the time.
We can do anything we want to do if we stick to it long enough.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.
Insist on yourself. Never imitate.
Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakes.
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
The only journey is the one within.
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts; therefore guard accordingly.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.
Happiness is not a goal, but a by-product.
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Purpose is what gives life a meaning.
The significance of a man is not in what he attains but in what he longs to attain.
In all things that you do, consider the end.
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives.
The virtue lies in the struggle, not in the prize.
To reach a port, we must sail
Success is the child of audacity.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure
Careful thinking and hard work will solve nearly all your problems. Try and see for yourself.
Years teach us more than books.
The only medicine for suffering, crime, and all the other woes of mankind, is wisdom.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
The great lesson is that the sacred is in the ordinary, that it is to be found in one's daily life, in one's neighbors, friends and family, in one's backyard.
A wise man learns by the mistakes of others, a fool by his own.
No man was ever wise by chance.
In everything the ends well defined are the secret of durable success.
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Most 'impossible' goals can be met simply by breaking them down into bite-size chunks, writing them down, believing them, and then going full speed ahead as if they were routine.
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Take risks and you'll get the payoffs. Learn from your mistakes until you succeed. It's that simple.
The best way out is always through.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ballpark.
Never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
Entrepreneurship is neither a science nor an art. It is a practice.
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create.
Success is how high you bounce after you hit bottom.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
I’m not afraid of dying, I’m afraid of not trying.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve.
The longer you’re not taking action the more money you’re losing
Go Big, or Go Home
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work
Have the end in mind and every day make sure your working towards it
He who begins many things finishes but few
The best use of life is to spend it for something that outlasts it
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance
Entrepreneurship is living a few years of your life like most people wont so you can spend the rest of your life like most people can’t
Lend your friend $20, if he doesn’t pay you back then he’s not your friend. Money well spent
Be nice to geek’s, you’ll probably end up working for one
To never forget that the most important thing in life is the quality of life we lead
Its better to own the racecourse then the race horse
When you go to buy, don’t show your silver
It’s easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission
To win without risk is to triumph without glory
Example is not the main thing in influencing other people; it’s the only thing
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great
There is only one success
You don’t buy a nice car and get rich you get rich and buy a nice car
Fall seven times, stand up eight
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it is worth watching
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work
If you ain’t making waves, you ain’t kickin’ hard enough
What is not started will never get finished
Do not wait to strike until the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking
When you cease to dream you cease to live
There are two rules for success. 1) Never tell everything you know.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Every single person I know who is successful at what they do is successful because they love doing it.
Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity.
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business, and your business in your heart.
If hard work is the key to success, most people would rather pick the lock.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
The road to success is always under construction.
Anything the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Whether you think you can or you can’t, you’re right.
Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners.
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
The biggest failure you can have in life is not trying at all.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
Leaders don’t force people to follow, they invite them on a journey.
Example is not the main thing in influencing other people; it’s the only thing.
Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
The difference between a boss and a leader: a boss says, ‘Go!’ -a leader says, ‘Let’s go!’.
I am more afraid of an army of one hundred sheep led by a lion than an army of one hundred lions led by a sheep.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.
A ship in harbor is safe. But that’s now what ships are built for.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
I’m not a businessman. I’m a business, man.
The vision must be followed by the venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps – we must step up the stairs.
Do not wait to strike until the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
It’s easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it is worth watching.
“I think it’s wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
Ever notice how it’s a penny for your thoughts, yet you put in your two-cents? Someone is making a penny on the deal.
Catch a man a fish, and you can sell it to him. Teach a man to fish, and you ruin a wonderful business opportunity.
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own.
Marking dynamos for repair $10,000.00—2 hours labor $10.00; knowing where to mark $9,990.00.
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.
My son is now an ‘entrepreneur’. That’s what you’re called when you don’t have a job.
I didn’t go to college, but if I did, I would’ve taken all my tests at a restaurant, ’cause ‘The customer is always right.’
Formal education will make you a living. Self education will make you a fortune.
The greatest reward in becoming a millionaire is not the amount of money that you earn. It is the kind of person that you have to become to become a millionaire in the first place.
If you’re not learning while you’re earning, you’re cheating yourself out of the better portion of your compensation.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
After a certain point, money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts.
I treat business a bit like a computer game. I count money as points. I’m doing really well: making lots of money and lots of points.
All of my friends were doing babysitting jobs. I wanted money without the job.
“I don’t pay good wages because I have a lot of money; I have a lot of money because I pay good wages.
Lend your friend $20. If he doesn’t pay you back then he’s not your friend. Money well spent.
Money and success don’t change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Hire character. Train skill.
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
You’ve got to stop doing all the things that people have tried, tested, and found out don’t work.
I never perfected an invention that I did not think about in terms of the service it might give others… I find out what the world needs, then I proceed to invent.
If you’re not making mistakes, then you’re not making decisions.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
One can get anything if he is willing to help enough others get what they want.
An entrepreneur tends to bite off a little more than he can chew hoping he’ll quickly learn how to chew it.
The true entrepreneur is a doer, not a dreamer.
Whenever you are asked if you can do a job, tell ’em, ‘Certainly, I can!’ Then get busy and find out how to do it.
Everything started as nothing.
If you start with nothing and end up with nothing, there’s nothing lost.
Start today, not tomorrow. If anything, you should have started yesterday.
Make it happen now, not tomorrow. Tomorrow is a loser’s excuse.
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I’m not there, I go to work.
Entrepreneurship is living a few years of your life like most people won’t, so that you can spend the rest of your life like most people can’t.
Yesterday’s home runs don’t win today’s games.
You should always stay hungry. Stay hungry, so you can eat.
I wasn’t satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Not a single person whose name is worth remembering lived a life of ease.
The best time to plant a tree is twenty years ago. The second best time is now.
If you want one year of prosperity, grow grain. If you want ten years of prosperity, grow trees. If you want one hundred years of prosperity, grow people.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
Sow a thought, reap an action; sow an action, reap a habit; sow a habit, reap a character; sow a character, reap a destiny.
A bad workman blames his tools.
A fall into a ditch makes you wiser.
Defeat isn’t bitter if you don’t swallow it.
The diamond cannot be polished without friction, nor the man perfected without trials.
A jade stone is useless before it is processed; a man is good-for-nothing until he is educated.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
The loftiest towers rise from the ground.
Building a castle is difficult. Defending and maintaining it is harder still.
A person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the man doing it.
All cats love fish but fear to wet their paws.
Don’t stand by the water and long for fish; go home and weave a net.
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
Failing to plan is planning to fail.
If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
Make happy those who are near, and those who are far will come.
Teachers open the door. You enter by yourself.
Find a job you love and you’ll never work a day in your life.
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job.
If you want to be inventive, you have to be willing to fail.
The challenge is not just to build a company that can endure; but to build one that is worthy of enduring.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.
Don’t treat your customers like a bunch of purses and wallets.
Nine out of ten businesses fail; so I came up with a foolproof plan
I’m not a businessman
If plan ‘A’ fails
We make a living by what we get. But we make a life by what we give.
Believe that you will succeed
Victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Success is how high you bounce after you hit bottom
Remembering you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.
It’s not about how to get started; its about how to get noticed.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that’s not what ships are for.
If I find 10,000 ways something won’t work, I haven’t failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is often a step forward.
Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming.
If we don’t allow ourselves to make mistakes, we will never invest in things that are radical.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Try not to be a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
You won’t get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create.
Success is doing what you want, where you want, when you want, with whom you want as much as you want.
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough.
Don’t be trapped by dogma
Do or do not. There is no try.
Show me a person who never made a mistake, and I will show you a person who never did anything.
Ideas are commodity. Execution of them is not.
User experience is everything. It always has been, but it’s undervalued and underinvested in. If you don’t know user-centered design, study it. Hire people who know it. Obsess over it. Live and breathe it. Get your whole company on board.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
The man who does not work for the love of work but only for money is likely to neither make money nor find much fun in life.
Ideas are easy. Implementation is hard.
You can say anything to anyone, but how you say it will determine how they will react.
Always deliver more than expected.
Even if you don’t have the perfect idea to begin with, you can likely adapt.
Make your team feel respected, empowered and genuinely excited about the company’s mission.
Stay self-funded as long as possible.
In between goals is a thing called life, that has to be lived and enjoyed.
Wonder what your customer really wants? Ask. Don’t tell.
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.
What do you need to start a business? Three simple things: know your product better than anyone, know your customer, and have a burning desire to succeed.
Don’t worry about failure; you only have to be right once.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma
Openly share and talk to people about your idea. Use their lack of interest or doubt to fuel your motivation to make it happen.
How you climb a mountain is more important than reaching the top.
It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you’ll do things differently.
Statistics suggest that when customers complain, business owners and managers ought to get excited about it. The complaining customer represents a huge opportunity for more business.
There is only one success- to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Rarely have I seen a situation where doing less than the other guy is a good strategy.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
The secret to successful hiring is this: look for the people who want to change the world.
Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover.
If you’ve got an idea, start today. There’s no better time than now to get going. That doesn’t mean quit your job and jump into your idea 100% from day one, but there’s always small progress that can be made to start the movement.
It’s almost always harder to raise capital than you thought it would be, and it always takes longer. So plan for that.
I don’t have big ideas. I sometimes have small ideas, which seem to work out.
Fail often so you can succeed sooner.
When you cease to dream you cease to live.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve.
My number one piece of advice is: you should learn how to program.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
The pace of change for entrepreneurs is rapidly accelerating, and the cost and risk of launching a new business and getting off the ground is just amazing. The ability to gain user feedback really quickly and adapt to what your consumers want is totally different with the web as it is now. But finding a new market, helping people and taking that original idea and turning it into a business is really exciting right now.
Building and hanging on to an audience is the biggest role of social media.
Every feature has some maintenance cost, and having fewer features lets us focus on the ones we care about and make sure they work very well.
A poorly implemented feature hurts more than not having it at all.
the entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and falling over.
The fastest way to change yourself is to hang out with people who are already the way you want to be.
Risk more than others think is safe. Dream more than others think is practical.
You shouldn’t focus on why you can’t do something, which is what most people do. You should focus on why perhaps you can, and be one of the exceptions.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Success is not what you have, but who you are.
Lots of companies don’t succeed over time. What do they fundamentally do wrong? They usually miss the future.
It takes humility to realize that we don’t know everything, not to rest on our laurels and know that we must keep learning and observing. If we don’t, we can be sure some startup will be there to take our place.
There’s an entrepreneur right now, scared to death, making excuses, saying, ‘It’s not the right time just yet.’ There’s no such thing as a good time. Get out of your garage and go take a chance, and start your business.
Be really picky with your hiring, and hire the absolute best people you possibly can. People are the most important component of almost every business, and attracting the best talent possible is going to make a huge difference.
Worry about being better; bigger will take care of itself. Think one customer at a time and take care of each one the best way you can.
You have a viable business only if your product is either better or cheaper than the alternatives. If it’s not one or the other, you might make some money at first, but it’s not a sustainable business.
Every time I took these bigger risks, the opportunity for a bigger payout was always there.
If you can do something to get somebody excited — not everybody — but if you can be the best for somebody, then you can win.
Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success.
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
There’s no shortage of remarkable ideas, what’s missing is the will to execute them.
Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing it is stupid.
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you’re not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: Do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.
I learned not to worry so much about the outcome, but to concentrate on the step I was on and to try to do it as perfectly as I could when I was doing it.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
Fate is in your hands and no one elses
Be the chief but never the lord.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
Well begun is half done.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
What you give is what you get.
We can only learn to love by loving.
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.
You'll see it when you believe it.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
To lead people walk behind them.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
Everything in life is luck.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
The day is already blessed, find peace within it.
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
Well done is better than well said.
Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
Once you choose hope, anythings possible.
One fails forward toward success.
From small beginnings come great things.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere
Be as you wish to seem.
The world is always in movement.
Never mistake activity for achievement.
What worries you masters you.
One faces the future with ones past.
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
Who sows virtue reaps honour.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Talk doesn't cook rice.
He is able who thinks he is able.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
Do, or do not. There is no try.
All serious daring starts from within.
The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
You give before you get.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Change in all things is sweet.
What you fear is that which requires action to overcome.
When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
Skill to do comes of doing.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
I believe that every person is born with talent.
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
The years teach much which the days never know.
Our distrust is very expensive.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
Great talent finds happiness in execution.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
It takes both sunshine and rain to make a rainbow.
A beautiful thing is never perfect.
Only do what your heart tells you.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
You can do it if you believe you can!
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Every new day is another chance to change your life.
Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
Do more than dream: work.
No man was ever wise by chance.
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
We do what we do because we believe.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
What we think, we become.
The shortest answer is doing.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
Light tomorrow with today!
Silence is a fence around wisdom.
Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.
The simplest things are often the truest.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
You have to believe in yourself.
Our intention creates our reality.
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.
Speak low, if you speak love.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
Rainbows apologize for angry skies.
Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
I think and that is all that I am.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
Each day provides its own gifts.
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone's prayers.
Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
Change your thoughts, change your life!
Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough.
Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
Someone is special only if you tell them.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
The day always looks brighter from behind a smile.
A stumble may prevent a fall.
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
He who is contented is rich.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
We must become the change we want to see.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
Put your future in good hands : your own.
We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Fortune favours the brave.
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
The best way out is always through.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
No garden is without its weeds.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
Kind words will unlock an iron door.
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
Fortune befriends the bold.
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
To fly, we have to have resistance.
What you see depends on what you're looking for.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
Imagination rules the world.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say.
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Yesterdays home runs don't win today's games.
Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
The cautious seldom err.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
All things change; nothing perishes.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.A house divided against itself cannot stand.
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
As our case is new, we must think and act anew.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is colour-blind.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world any more. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
Saying thank you is more than good manners. It is good spirituality.
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
From little acorns mighty oaks do grow.
Love at first sight is easy to understand; its when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
The most decisive actions of our life... are most often unconsidered actions.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
All our talents increase in the using, and the every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a persons character lies in their own hands.
Joy is the best makeup.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
Discover the great ideas that lie inside you by discovering the power of sleep.
Well begun is half done.
Change in all things is sweet.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvellous.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is natures way.
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
Yesterdays home runs don't win today's games.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones weve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
We cannot hold a torch to light another's path without brightening our own.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own.
Ignorance never settle a question.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
Well done is better than well said.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyse you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone elses.
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
We are all something, but none of us are everything.
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart.
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
You have within you, right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.
Creativity doesn't wait for that perfect moment. It fashions its own perfect moments out of ordinary ones.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
As you think, so shall you become.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
Im not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one
Be happy, but never satisfied.
You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
He is able who thinks he is able.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
What we think, we become.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
The thought manifests as the word. The word manifests as the deed. The deed develops into habit. And the habit hardens into character.
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
A jug fills drop by drop.
You only lose what you cling to.
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
Your body is precious. It is our vehicle for awakening. Treat it with care.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
You cannot travel the path until you have become the path itself.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
However many holy words you read, However many you speak, What good will they do you If you do not act on upon them?
Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace.
What you are is what you have been. What you will be is what you do now.
What you are is what you have been. What you'll be is what you do now.
Fate is in your hands and no one elses
What you give is what you get.
The best teacher is experience learned from failures.
What you fear is that which requires action to overcome.
If you cannot be silent be brilliant and thoughtful.
Someone is special only if you tell them.
Give thanks for the rain of life that propels us to reach new horizons.
Transformation doesn't take place with a vacuum; instead, it occurs when we are indirectly and directly connected to all those around us.
Your destiny isn't just fate; it is how you use your own developed abilities to get what you want.
Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.
Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience.
Many people think of prosperity that concerns money only to forget that true prosperity is of the mind.
Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day.
Sadness may be part of life but there is no need to let it dominate your entire life.
To give hope to someone occurs when you teach them how to use the tools to do it for themselves.
You can be what you want to be. You have the power within and we will help you always.
Courage is not about taking risks unknowingly but putting your own being in front of challenges that others may not be able to.
Responsibility is not inherited, it is a choice that everyone needs to make at some point in their life.
You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings.
Look forward to spring as a time when you can start to see what nature has to offer once again.
To be thoughtful and kind only takes a few seconds compared to the timeless hurt caused by one rude gesture.
If you have no respect for your own values how can you be worthy of respect from others.
Wishes can be your best avenue of getting what you want when you turn wishes into action. Action moves your wish to the forefront from thought to reality.
Adversity isn't set against you to fail; adversity is a way to build your character so that you can succeed over and over again through perseverance.
Truth isn't all about what actually happens but more about how what has happened is interpreted.
Experience can only be gained by doing not by thinking or dreaming.
It can't be spring if your heart is filled with past failures.
I may not know everything, but everything is not known yet anyway.
Transformation does not start with some one else changing you; transformation is an inner self reworking of what you are now to what you will be.
Time is not a measure the length of a day or month or year but more a measure of what you have accomplished.
Complaining doesn't change a thing only taking action does.
Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how.
Spring is a time for rebirth and the fulfilment of new life.
Respect is not something that you can ask for, buy or borrow. Respect is what you earn from each person no matter their background or status.
Bold is not the act of foolishness but the attribute and inner strength to act when others will not so as to move forward not backward.
To know your purpose is to live a life of direction, and in that direction is found peace and tranquillity.
It is not the mistake that has the most power, instead, it is learning from the mistake to advance your own attributes.
When anger use your energy to do something productive.
Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical.Expect more than others think is possible.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from not and make a brand new ending.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
You are what you do, not what you say you do.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, Something is out of tune.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long ago.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
Silence is deep as Eternity, Speech is shallow as Time.
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
Being angry never solves anything.
Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change.
Our ability to achieve happiness and success depends on the strength of our wings.
You are special, you are unique, you are the best!
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
Error is discipline through which we advance.
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
The highest stage in moral ure at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
The road leading to a goal does not separate you from the destination; it is essentially a part of it.
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
One fails forward toward success.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
Keeping a little ahead of conditions is one of the secrets of business, the trailer seldom goes far.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
Sleep is the real beauty secret, but I dont get enough of that.
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere
Talk doesn't cook rice.
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a months study of books.
Example has more followers than reason.
There is only one success to be able to spend your life in your own way.
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Once you choose hope, anythings possible.
When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed.
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centred by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
The one who always loses, is the only person who gets the reward.
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what Ive had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer.
I love my past. I love my present. Im not ashamed of what Ive had, and Im not sad because I have it no longer.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
Think of tomorrow, the past can't be mended.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
The cautious seldom err.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
I will not be concerned at other men is not knowing me;I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
To give ones self earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Sleep is the best meditation.
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because theyre not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself - if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
When fate hands us a lemon, lets try to make lemonade.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how ot do it, and Virtue is doing it.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
We cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us.
When you make a choice, you change the future.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept responsibility for changing them.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
The future cannot be predicted, but futures can be invented. It was man's ability to invent which has made human society what it is.
We see things not as they are, but as we are. Our perception is shaped by our previous experiences.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not.
Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
The desire to create is one of the deepest yearnings of the human soul.
When some one reminded him that the people of Sinope had sentenced him to exile, he said, And I sentenced them to stay at home.
The art of being a slave is to rule one's master.
A man of ability and the desire to accomplish something can do anything.
Everything in life is luck.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time.
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.
The cosmos is neither moral or immoral; only people are. He who would move the world must first move himself.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, In every rill a sweet instruction flows.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
Light tomorrow with today!
Love doesn't make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
He who angers you conquers you.
I endeavour to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress.
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it.
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Take heed: you do not find what you do not seek.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
Practice yourself, for heavens sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonourable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
One that desires to excel should endeavour in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power or our will. 
In times of change learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
Never mistake motion for action.
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.
The truth which has made us free will in the end make us glad also.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took an excuse.
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
My mama always said: life is like a box of chocolate, you never know what you gonna get.
As we risk ourselves, we grow. Each new experience is a risk.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.
Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking at your door very softly.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late some day.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
If you want to study yourself look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people look into your own heart.
If you want to study yourself, look into the hearts of other people. If you want to study other people, look into your own heart.
The soul is healed by being with children.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together.
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
My reputation grows with every failure.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Silence is a fence around wisdom.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
If I know how you spend your time, then I know what might become of you.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.
The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.
What worries you masters you.
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that ones life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.
All serious daring starts from within.
Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Almost everything comes from nothing.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
Creativity takes courage.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavours to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
Things do not change, we change.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
Things do not change; we change.
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
All is flux; nothing stays still.
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
All seasons are beautiful for the person who carries happiness within.
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
You must train your intuition you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
You must train your intuition, you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
We can only learn to love by loving.
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
Everything you want is on the other side of fear.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
If you take each challenge one step at a time, with faith in every footstep, your strength and understanding will increase.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
Success is determined by those whom prove the impossible, possible.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon, and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
No is easier to do. Yes is easier to say.
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.
We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden.
Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.
Those who make the worse use of their time are the first to complain of its shortness
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
The future is an opaque mirror. Anyone who tries to look into it sees nothing but the dim outlines of an old and worried face.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves - there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
Great talent finds happiness in execution.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of douts of my own.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
You cannot have what you do not want.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
It's easier to do trivial things that are urgent than it is to do important things that are not, like thinking. And it's also easier to do little things we know we can do than to start on big things that we’re not so sure about.
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
Fortune befriends the bold.
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
All the great performers I have worked with are fuelled by a personal dream.
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
You may say Im a dreamer, but Im not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
Never mistake activity for achievement.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
We learn what we have said from those who listen to our speaking.
You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
If you kick a stone in anger, you'll hurt your own foot.
Be gentle first with yourself if you wish to be gentle with others.
It is never too late. Even if you are going to die tomorrow, keep yourself straight and clear and be a happy human being today.
Be the chief but never the lord.
To lead people walk behind them.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
He who is contented is rich.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
Silence is a source of great strength.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
From wonder into wonder existence opens.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
Sometimes the biggest act of courage is a small one.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
The only difference between your abilities and others is the ability to put yourself in their shoes and actually try.
Who sows virtue reaps honour.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you.
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story.
Thats the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed.
The shortest answer is doing.
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
Chance favors the prepared mind.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
I'm not afraid of storms, for Im learning how to sail my ship.
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
Id rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection on how much you like yourself.
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.
Society develops wit, but its contemplation alone forms genius.
We must become the change we want to see.
The future depends on what you do today.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it.
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Each day provides its own gifts.
Loss is nothing else but change,and change is Natures delight.
Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
You have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
Today I escaped anxiety. Or no, I discarded it, because it was within me, in my own perceptions — not outside.
You have power over your mind — not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts.
Self-complacency is fatal to progress.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
Happiness is a Swedish sunset it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
Happiness is a sunset - it is there for all, but most of us look the other way and lose it.
Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
Remove Christ from the Scriptures and there is nothing left.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
Who we are never changes. Who we think we are does.
Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
Love vanquishes time. To lovers, a moment can be eternity, eternity can be the tick of a clock.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
The beginning is always today.
Live through feeling and you will live through love. For feeling is the language of the soul, and feeling is truth.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
I believe that every person is born with talent.
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
All great achievements require time.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
Nothing will work unless you do.
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
To fly, we have to have resistance.
Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments.
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the worlds problems.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
Peace begins with a smile.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless.
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
The universe is made of stories, not atoms.
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
Imagination rules the world.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
You give before you get.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
You can do it if you believe you can!
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
Never deny a diagnosis, but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
You have to take it as it happens, but you should try to make it happen the way you want to take it.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly that is what each of us is here for.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
All things change; nothing perishes.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun, but to spend it doing fake work. When you spend time having fun, you know you're being self-indulgent.
That’s the thing about counter-intuitive ideas, they contradict your intuitions. So, they seem wrong.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
One faces the future with ones past.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.
You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel, but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings.
The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word: excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
You cannot predict the future, but you can create it.
Until we can manage time, we can manage nothing else.
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
Moments of complete apathy are the best for new creations.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Knowledge has three degrees opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Only do what your heart tells you.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
Never promise more than you can perform.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
You don't play for revenge. You play for respect and pride
Let everything happen to you. Beauty and terror. Just keep going. No feeling is final
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
Skill to do comes of doing.
The years teach much which the days never know.
Our distrust is very expensive.
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
Make the most of yourself for that is all there is of you.
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
You get peace of mind not by thinking about it or imagining it, but by quietening and relaxing the restless mind.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough theyre yours.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
The simplest things are often the truest.
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
What I cannot create, I do not understand.
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites.
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
The best way out is always through.
In three words I can sum up everything Ive learned about life: it goes on.
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
Any of us can achieve virtue, if by virtue we merely mean the avoidance of the vices that do not attract us.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
How do you defeat terrorism? Don’t be terrorized.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to respect them. We must learn to listen.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Our industry does not respect tradition. What it respects is innovation.
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
No man was ever wise by chance.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.
Courage doesn’t happen when you have all the answers. It happens when you are ready to face the questions you have been avoiding your whole life.
In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving.
The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet.
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
Be as you wish to seem.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till some one dash it from them.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man.
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
Try and fail, but don't fail to try.
Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling. A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Deep listening is miraculous for both listener and speaker.When someone receives us with open-hearted, non-judging, intensely interested listening, our spirits expand.
You have to believe in yourself.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little do what you can.
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little - do what you can.
The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.
Rainbows apologize for angry skies.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
A Stoic is someone who transforms fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, and desire into undertaking.
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
Creativity involves breaking out of expected patterns in order to look at things in a different way.
To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You do not need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
Smile, breathe and go slowly.
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
By nature man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
No garden is without its weeds.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
Proper sleep has helped me get to where I am today as an athlete, and it is something that I continue to rely on every day.
Sometimes the cards we are dealt are not always fair. However you must keep smiling and moving on.
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
There are no failures, just experiences and your reactions to them.
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
You always succeed in producing a result.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals that is, goals that do not inspire them.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what youve always gotten.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
Kind words will unlock an iron door.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result.
The creative adult is the child who survived.
Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
The world is always in movement.
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price well have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
Fortune favours the brave.
They can do all because they think they can.
They can conquer who believe they can.
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
To choose what is difficult all ones days, as if it were easy, that is faith.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Weve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got.
It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to.
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
Tired minds dont plan well. Sleep first, plan later.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
You'll see it when you believe it.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
Our intention creates our reality.
I think and that is all that I am.
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
Everything is perfect in the universe even your desire to improve it.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
You can't choose up sides on a round world.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
Everything is perfect in the universe - even your desire to improve it.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Do more than dream: work.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
I think the best way to get a good night sleep is to work hard throughout the day. If you work hard and, of course, work out.
Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
To change ones life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Sleep that knits up the ravelled sleave of care. The death of each days life, sore labors bath. Balm of hurt minds, great natures second course. Chief nourisher in lifes feast.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
Speak low, if you speak love.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
Go to your bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.
Never, never, never give up.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence is the key to unlocking our potential.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
We choose our destiny in the way we treat others.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
Take it easy, but take it.
Take it easy but take it.
Take it easy - but take it.
The time you think you're missing, misses you too.
Do, or do not. There is no try.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
A man's dreams are an index to his greatness.
Man conquers the world by conquering himself.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
You can do anything, but not everything.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absense of fear.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place.
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it -- teach yourself to be impatient.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like.
Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals.
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.